AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/saas_examples/simple_agreements.md

* A single charge representing the total payment for the 12-month agreement is charged in the first invoice. Billed Cost and Effective Cost are both realized in the same record since detailed usage records will not be provided during the 12-month period to realize amortized portions of this up-front payment.
* The single charge provided includes a ListUnitPrice for the licenses and a Pricing Quantity.

> ## Scenario A3: Additional Purchase Records Provided in the SaaS Service Provider's FOCUS Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scenario A3: Additional Purchase Records Provided in the SaaS Data Generator's FOCUS Dataset
```
